For xxxxxxxx.txt files:

  Created center2right_simple.txt (and center2right_simple.speeds.txt)
  from the center2right.txt file by cutting out all data past 2.5 seconds,
  putting the speed commands to 0.0 for the last two passes to have the
  robot stop trying to drive and then putting in the appropriate end
  of data indication lines.

  Created left2scale_short.txt (and left2scale_short.speeds.txt) from
  the left2scale.txt file by cutting out all data past 2 seconds and
  putting the speed commands to 0.0 for the last two passes to have the
  robot stop driving (will coast a few feet).  And putting in the
  appropriate end of data indication lines.

  Created right2scale_short.txt (and right2scale_short.speeds.txt) from
  the right2scale.txt file by cutting out all data past 2 seconds and
  putting the speed commands to 0.0 for the last two passes to have the
  robot stop driving (will coast a few feet).  And putting in the
  appropriate end of data indication lines.

  Created right2scale_noswitch.txt (and right2scale_noswitch.speeds.txt)
  by copying right2scale.txt with no changes.

  Should review files, and see if we can remove any dead time after the
  recording starts, but before the robot starts moving (since the faster
  we score the cube the longer we'll have the switch or scale).
  Note, that we need to update the time column if we make this change.

     center2right             -- looks like about 0.3 seconds at beginning
     center2left              -- looks like about 0.5 seconds at beginning
     center2right_simple      -- no change needed since not scoring a cube

     left2scale               -- looks like about 0.1 seconds at beginning
     left2scale_noswitch      -- same as left2scale above (about 0.1 secs)
     left2scale_short_switch  -- looks like about 0.5 seconds at beginning
     left2scaleright          -- looks like about 0.56 seconds at beginning
     left2scale_short         -- no change needed since not scoring a cube

     right2scale              -- looks like about 0.23 seconds at beginning
     right2scale_noswitch     -- same as right2scale above (about 0.23 secs)
     right2scale_short        -- no change needed since not scoring a cube

     left2scale2cube          -- same as left2scale for now.
     right2scale2cube         -- same as right2scale for now.
     right2scale_short_switch -- looks like about 0.7 seconds at beginning
     right2scaleleft          -- about 0.58 seconds at the beginning

In xxxxxxxx.speeds.txt files from 195 practice on April 2nd:

  The right encoder is wired such that it reads backwards (that is the right
  distance increases when the robot moves backwards, and decreases when the
  robot moves forwards).  The left encoder is wired to match the robot motion.
  This means the right distance and right velocity should be multiplied by -1.
  (Note, this was fixed in code vi changing the sense of the greyhill on the )
  (      right side before recording on 04-05, so files from 04-05 do not    )
  (      need this change.                                                   )
  

  The initial left distance and right distance are not zero -- this is
  because the robot is moved around by hand to position the robot, and
  the encoders are not reset at the beginning of teleop init, so during
  a recording they don't have to start at zero.

FileEditor & PathAnimator Changes:

  Include option to fix issues with files that have encoder data with
  errors (wrong encoder selected, or encoder wired backward, etc.)?

  Include options to zero distances at beginning of file (since we
  don't want to init encoders to zero in teleop init), and it would be
  nice to have distance plots start at zero.

Robot Code Changes:

  Add logic to put 2cube yes/no chooser on smartdashboard and reflect choice
  back to dashboard (just like other choosers have).  DONE
  
  Add code to filerecorder chooser in robot.java to allow user to select
  left2scale2cube and right2scale2cube for recording.  DONE
  
  Update determineauto() function to accept 2cube input, and choose new file
  as appropriate.  DONE
  
  Any other changes to support the 2cube option?
  
  Remove line of code which writes each playback command to the rio thread
  log as it makes this file grow quickly.  DONE

  Update the documentation in the lib/Commands.java file to match the codes
  used in the code (there is no CU, now CS and CA).

